hello everyone and welcome to retro
well new channel section trainer
this time about competitive bouts of
sixth generation of pokemon x and of
pokemon and is that after will be less
I 'm playing and I 've already dedicated myself to training
at a competitive level because
it corresponds in game I could not do anything
more so I picked up two new pokémon and
we have to make good teams
competitive to play with people
competitively online in the bottles
by points and good is a new section
association of Wi-Fi combats and then
I will try every day or every two days I will
see how I do it but I will try to bring
many guti matches so you can see
as it moves slightly all
footage before this generation and others and
good to start more in this fight
that I've played before a fight against
a Japanese of which I can not
say it because I do not know and well there
you have your team loads canto xx the and
my kletzky lakers team edito let's go
to see it and we will comment on it because I
I think it 's try to comment on
combats because a lot of people that if not
surely miss so good there
you do not want to debate with me and it comes out
kletzky
what is gay
is that it contracts islands well
we start with a shift remember that
club that has joker therefore
all habits are physical some
other special physicists go for
priority so I make it natural because
the first one that isolated the anxieties for
to increase his attack he is paralyzed
so good to projects now what do I do
dirty game because remember that game
dirty against opponent's way
stronger is because he sticks to himself
let's say so dirty game but it does not kill
through dances to come
explaining here because it's how it's worth
you want to die sure good in the case
has that is 40 2 percent that you do not
commented is that it can be with remains and
good in the next turn at least
supposed to make vile shadow that's why he takes out
first in this gray shadow turn
person who would be paralyzed but they are not
for me it does not kill me apart from achilles
nor of coña
and that has a lot of attack the defense of
skiing is good trained that
room has maximum defense maximums
of life in which you think it recovers
unfortunately anal because he recovers
and cangas face this charge and as
I say to you unfortunately because loads
analog calculus would burn would evolve
and remember if you win here because they are
evolving can pull twice
attacks twice
and well here he was paralyzed by four ships
we will go lucky
at least for the speed to start
that are always wide open
but it is not possible and it makes me a
increase an increase twice is
say that he does not kill me and that is the
problem that I have complete that is not going
all in blow and therefore two
points increases and they increase a lot
the attack so it's very dangerous with
nascar at this moment is that he dies with
two points increases twice and then
nothing we get to the milestone because it has
imposter and therefore it becomes
cangas that does not have the chosen handkerchief and
so surely that is faster
that is paralyzed
well here I did an oasis was
earthquake that attack was the best summer
wine increment says but did not count that
it took me work makes me a critic and
emanates from a double or the work does not wait
that we are really working because
I thought I would think that it also led
work that was paralyzed so that
nothing wrong that movement but
good to grow like that super huarmaca
nascar good we make time with the
team that is nazi hell that takes
here is the online and we turn it into
one good blazer not see the
protection because if you know the thing that
I usually hit below, so I do
for this holy altar it does not fail ica nasca
because I had a lot of attack I had for two
and good that is good momentum a time
that we're going to leave everything x
that by the way they were going to grab fast that
we convert is forbidden but good
the rules of these are wifi
a bit shoddy because they no longer have
allowed fast is prohibited or
that was legal but good the web video was going
paralyzed that is incredible that envite
and I think he did not kill it took me away a lot there
with the millennium unfortunately suffering
speed with perfect momentum
and well here I will make the claw
quick that makes respite that I say good
then shortcut and kill me but not
it is popular and it is already
badly bad bad and we continue with momentum
there is
magic shine type to the retinue fight
perfect quite as we have left with
14 of that lake ignite igneous
and I manage to defeat it I get it
defeat and I die for the recoil is
incredible this combat I liked
a lot this real fight and put
norms of people like me dead by
recoil I win and well let's hope
liked this fight and I tell you to comment
if they liked to leave many
comments and if they want more fighting
well doing nothing here also and
surely they are more daily combats me
I say goodbye now and as always I tell you
like this video subscribe besides
give him class with what they will thank and we
let's go to the next one until next time
a bike ride la la la la
for gold
for bad baba
You can also watch this video on
blogocio tv is not registered yet
sign up now to our social network